# Home Menu System

We want to grab relevant data from common recipes sites and save it in a format we can save/use locally.

Currently I am just pasting urls into this spreadsheet
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r9qN7Bc8wwT-T5EVMZW8tcuqU7J8bLI8lYeTmff0hj8/edit?gid=0#gid=0

## Design Musings

#### (Done) Priority #1: Prevent Scrape Spam during testing

We will do this by only visiting and scraping each submitted recipe source once. We then save the raw output to run our HTML parsers against however many times we need. We should then blacklist the exact url to prevent-rescraping. This blacklist can serve as a list of recipes.

#### (Done) Priority #1B: Prevent Image Download Spam Also

If the image already exists, don't re-download it.

#### Priority #2: Smart Parsing

What are some ideas we can use for this? Maybe we can paste HTML from many sites into chat gpt and see if it notices patterns we don't? Currently parsing is basic.

#### (Done) Priority #3: Nice, searchable UI

At first I thought I might use elastic search for this soley as an excuse to spend some time learning it, but I ended up using Nuxt-content and their search tools since it was very easy to setup. Elastic search would require a server. This approach may hit its limits soon, we will see.

#### Priority #3B: User-generated data is stored securely.

I realize I may want to add tags, but not from scraped data - from my own experience / preference as I use the app. This calls for an approach to user-generated data.
The .json files generated by the scrape.py script are currently completely re-written whenever a fresh scrape is done. This needs to be fixed or the user-generated data needs to be stored some other way.

## Project Log

- [x] save raw output somewhere we can reuse
- [x] save successfully scrape urls to blacklist / recipe list file
- [x] parameterize URL in scrape.py
- [x] use URL to lookup raw output file, use beautifulSoup to get title
- [x] ingredient list if possible (look for 'ingredient' then `<li>`?)
- [x] output to JSON?
- [x] use JSON to generate webpage (look at NUXT CONTENT for this https://content.nuxt.com/) https://github.com/nuxt/content
- [x] generate individual recipe pages with nuxt content
- [x] use components to display data nicely
- [x] explore solutions to download images - start here https://cloudinary.com/guides/web-performance/downloading-image-from-url-in-python-5-ways-with-code-examples, if the image already exists, don't re-download it.
- [x] implement a search, searchContent? https://content.nuxt.com/composables/search-content use elastic search?
- [x] batch small improvements: standardize data (strip out '[]' characters etc) and add hover styles, nicer styles
- [x] user test on yourself, launch project on your site as subdomain ? get a device and display
- [ ] record bugs and gripes in 'User Reports' section below for at least 2 weeks
- [ ] plan continuous / improved deployment, does your host have github integration? can we deploy non-static site?
- [ ] (STRETCH GOAL) run scrape.py from web UI with url input
- [ ] (STRETCH GOAL) use AI to analyze scraped output for recipes details and find patterns?
- [ ] (STRETCH GOAL) notice youtube links and save video instead? or can we scrape reliably from video description?
- [ ] (STRETCH) add user-added data (tags) that DOESN'T get cleared on new recipe generation. Start from writing the data from the app and then decide where to store.

## User Reports

- Cannot create static site folders for recipes with '(' or ')' in title, need to remove these characters
- Static site generation breaks content-search, may need to install Nitro server on webspace instead. Could also test uploading the non-static site files and seeing if the server is smart enough to serve them.
- Cooked steak sandos from recipe 10/28, worked well overall
- Need to add TIMES to recipes because I estimated 90 mins for sandos but it took 2.5 hours

## Nuxt Stuff

### Setup

Make sure to install the dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

### Production

Build the application for production:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

Locally preview production build:

```bash
pnpm run preview
```

Check out the [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment) for more information.
